a pair of seals here in Victoria mother
and child i first saw them a few weeks
ago on this same rock in the same
harbour and I come back now to see that
the baby has indeed gotten bigger with
time ok I'm lucky after all a little bit
later mother and child seal have come
back as you can see from any distance at
all they really blend into the
environment and look like they're just a
pair of rocks themselves but in fact
there's a big gray mother seal there and
the little white baby
there you go
what the mother just slid off the rock
baby's going for a swim too
so the seals are a relatively common
sight here in downtown Victoria there
you go the surf family of seals that for
whatever reason spends its summer
evenings right here and what is really a
pretty densely populated area you can
see a bus going past on one side boats
going fast in the other